Replaced the Monopoly chance cards with Manchester Uni themed quotes. Feel free to change and improve them.
What do you guys think about changing money -> credits, houses -> modules and hotels -> semesters to make it more personalised?



Advance to Go Collect your cost of living payment
Advance to [trafalgar equivalent]. If you pass Go, collect your cost of living payment
Advance to [Mayfair equivalent]
Advance to [Pall Mall equivalent]. If you pass Go, collect your cost of living payment
Advance to the nearest bus stop. If unowned, you may buy it from the Bank. If owned, pay wonder twice the fare
Advance to the nearest bus stop. If unowned, you may buy it from the Bank. If owned, pay wonder twice the fare
Advance token to nearest [Utility equivalent]. If unowned, you may buy it from the Bank. If owned, throw dice and pay owner a total ten times amount thrown.
you get a first on an exam collect £50
Move out of Oak House
There are no seats in Ali G go Back 3 Spaces to find a study location
Move into Oak House. Go directly there, do not collect your cost of living payment
You joined the rent strike and the uni won for each house pay £25. For each hotel pay £100
You slept through your alarm pay £15
Take a trip on the 143 and advance to its stop. If you pass Go, collect your cost of living payment
Your mates carry you through a team project. Pay each player £50
You find second year housemates. Collect £150

Advance to Go (Collect £200)
Its time for your student load installment collect £200
Your laptop dies in a lecture. Pay £50 to borrow a charger
Theres no queue for jacket potatos. Collect £50
Move out of Oak House for free
Move into Oak House. Go directly there, do not collect your cost of living payment
You find a free study room in engineering. Receive £100
You actually remember to check into a lecture. Collect £20
Everone owes you a drink. Collect £10 from every player
Your lecturer doesn't just read the notes. Collect £100
You bought too many freshers wrist bands pay fees of £100
You didnt tag your git lab submission correctly pay £50
Your timetable has no 9ams collect £25.
You fail first year and have to repeat next year. £40 per house. £115 per hotel
You resist going out before a 9am. Collect £10
You used chat GPT an got away with it collect £100